# DATA1200-Oblig1

Website created as the first mandatory asingment for DATA1200 at OsloMet. The person presented in this website is not real and the profile picture is that of a syntheitc person generated by Random Face Generator (This Person Does Not Exist) website. All other picture are online picutres from Getty Images. The background picture is taken from APG Learning.

Link to the GitHub pages: https://github.com/Leliamm/leliamm.github.io

The studentes in this group are: 
<ul>
<li>Lelia Marcău - s358978 </li>
<li>Pradheeban Sivaranjan - s364698 </li>
<li>Jakob Hageberg Midtbø - s364721</li>
<li>Emily Nicolaisen - s358740</li>
<li>Kaja Line Åbyholm Reehorst - 358385</li>
</ul>

Report of the preparations we did to ensure we would use different semantic tags. While planning the website we took into account the fact that people with different disabilities may access the website. We were especially interested in how colorblind people, people unable to see and people with dyslexia may interact with the website. In order to account for colorblind people, we showed the website to a person who suffering from colorblindness to make sure that the website is friendly. Taking into account the feedback we received from a dyslexic person during one of the DATA1200 classes, we decided to use a very common font so that it would be easier for a dyslexic to read. For people who need to use readers, we used different tags like the following semantic tags: 
             <li> &lt;article&gt; </li>
            <li> &lt;figcaption&gt; </li>
            <li> &lt;figure&gt; </li>
            <li> &lt;footer&gt; </li>
            <li> &lt;header&gt; </li>
            <li> &lt;main&gt; </li>
            <li> &lt;nav&gt; </li>
            <li> &lt;section&gt; </li>
